Homework - 3 We were required to reproduce the provided static web page as closely as possible. We were not allowed to use any frameworks and required us to do it with just HTML and CSS.

Homework - 4 This homework consisted of writing a HTML/Javascript program that takes a JSON URL as input which contains Car dealer Information, the program then parses the JSON file and extracts the required information, and displays them in a formatted table. All of the parsing and formatting is done with the help of Javascript.Various error cases that can be present in a JSON are also handled.

Homework - 6 This homework required us to use PHP and Javascript and create a webpage that allows us to search for weather details information using darkSky API, and the results will be displayed in tabular format for the weather that week.The page also provides more details for the selected day where we can see different weather conditions throughtout the day.

Homework - 8 This homework required the use of Node.js, AngularJS, Amazon Web Services, Twitter API, Bootstrap, JQuery, JSON, HTML5 to build a webpage that displays weather information, and details for a selected day. It involved the usage of darkSky API for fetching the weather day for the week and displayed each day's weather conditions. We also made use of the HTML5 local storage to store favorite cities whose weather information we needed to view, implement auto refresh and forced refresh functions for these saved events. Also used linecharts from google. This homework required us to make a Responsive Web Site (Using Bootstrap) that would automatically scale with the devices (Desktop, Mobile, Tablet).
